[SPEAKER_04]: This week, the PlayStation 1's American release turned 30 at... Oh.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: God, no!
[SPEAKER_03]: How... When... This week, but... But that... No!
[SPEAKER_04]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
[SPEAKER_04]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
[SPEAKER_08]: Cora, now for Jason, who I think passed away at the realization that the PlayStation is 30 years old.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi!
[SPEAKER_08]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_08]: Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: My friends on the internet, it is time to jump in and talk about the latest and greatest in video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with me, myself, Rob Roberts, and joined every week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Welcome back this week to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_08]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_08]: You had a long stream yesterday.
[SPEAKER_08]: You played a lot of the video games on the Twitch televisions yesterday.
[SPEAKER_00]: I did play a lot of the video games yesterday, and my voice is kind of weak.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm not as sore as I thought I would be, but my throat hurts a little bit, and it's kind of weak.
[SPEAKER_01]: But...
[SPEAKER_01]: I had a great time.
[SPEAKER_01]: I met my goals.
[SPEAKER_01]: I want to thank everybody who was there.
[SPEAKER_01]: I played the Debbies.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll get into that later.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_08]: Going to our chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
[SPEAKER_08]: SSJ100 Matt.
[SPEAKER_08]: is also naming things to make us feel old today.
[SPEAKER_08]: The Golden Girls are 40 years old today, premiered at this very hour, Sunday night at 9 o'clock, actually.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's pretty incredible.
[SPEAKER_08]: I remember watching The Golden Girls.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was one of my mom's favorite TV shows.
[SPEAKER_08]: We used to watch it together in her bedroom.
[SPEAKER_01]: We watched it all together on the big cabinet TV in the front room.
[SPEAKER_08]: I love, though, that like Golden Girls is one of those things that's like priceless, like even like Gen Z. You know, I hate talking in generational terms, but it's true.
[SPEAKER_08]: Even like Gen Z and stuff like really appreciate the humor in the Golden Girls.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like that show is just timeless.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's it's great.
[SPEAKER_08]: So and Dark Titsia says, well, thank you all for being a friend.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, that's nice of you to say.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I hope you brought cheesecake.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway, hopefully he brought cheesecake.
[SPEAKER_08]: Say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have cheesecake cookies in the fridge.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not quite the same.
[SPEAKER_08]: I accept.
[SPEAKER_08]: Honestly, I can't devour a whole cheesecake.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a bit much for me.
[SPEAKER_08]: So maybe a cheesecake cookie is a good compromise.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I'll still eat it with a knife and fork to pace myself.
[SPEAKER_02]: You kind of have to.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're pretty rich.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Loki, you're appreciating the Golden Girls at 40 as well?
[SPEAKER_02]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: I haven't watched it for a long time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Your wife watches it though, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought she did.
[SPEAKER_08]: Off and on.
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought she was a big fan.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway, let's see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Go into chat.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now y'all are making age jokes in chat and compliments for Jason on the intro there tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: Of course, Jason does great work and has done great work for us for a long time.
[SPEAKER_08]: So thank you to Jason, our voiceover guy who does our intro for us every week and some of the other special things you see on Twitch when we tape live.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's get into gaming news.
[SPEAKER_08]: We had a pretty big one this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Nintendo dropped a Direct on us this week, so quite a bit of news to go through, which is a nice refreshing change for last week when Loki and I were holding down the fort going, we ain't found shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, there's not a lot happening in gaming.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is why, probably.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's just a lot of what the fuckery from what I see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, well, this week we've got more, so, and yeah, we're getting into, yeah, there's definitely the, but starting off with mostly good news in the Nintendo Direct.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, apparently they're celebrating Mario's 40th anniversary.
[SPEAKER_02]: It feels like it's just... Here we go again!
[SPEAKER_02]: Wasn't it just 30 years, like, yesterday or something?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, Mario 35.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mario 35 was a big deal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, it was 35.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: That makes more sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was like, wait, was it 30?
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought they were going to bring that back.
[SPEAKER_08]: I really thought they were going to bring that back.
[SPEAKER_08]: They had the perfect opportunity.
[SPEAKER_08]: Of course, they could have done Mario 40, but I still would have accepted Mario 35 back for a limited time in celebration of five more years or something.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's still a way they could have marketed it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm a little sad they didn't do that, but okay, whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: We got other stuff instead.
[SPEAKER_02]: um so like even right before the direct had come out that the new Mario movie was going to be named the Mario Galaxy movie and we got a confirmation of that now so that was the thing that they kind of kicked it off with is you know hey here's a tease of the Super Mario Galaxy movie and didn't really show anything they just confirmed that you know a lot of the voice cast is coming back you know um all the main cast basically for it so cool
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's supposed to be coming out next spring.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then along with that, of course, Super Mario Galaxy and Galaxy 2 are now coming onto the Switch outside of the 3D All-Stars that they did not that long ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they've sold you Mario Galaxy a few times now.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, that's going to be coming out October 2nd.
[SPEAKER_02]: No word on really what else they've done to it other than the graphics are slightly better.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: An update for Super Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wonder, they're doing a Nintendo Switch 2 edition that's adding this meetup in Bellabelle Park, which adds some co-op multiplayer stuff, like different game modes there, but no actual single-player additions to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's supposed to be out spring of 2026.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have a new Yoshi game, Yoshi and the Mysterious Book.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just really want to say, I was actually a little unimpressed by what they announced for Mario Wonder.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, I was very unimpressed.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know, and maybe it's just not for me, and that's okay, because I don't really have the family at home the size to take advantage of the minigames.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I could imagine, you know, some households that, you know, have family night playing Nintendo with, you know, the age appropriate kids and stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: Probably you're going to get a big kick out of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just kind of looked at it going, damn, I wish they would have more of the formula that works in the base game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Right.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you would think that they would have some sort of metrics that they're able to capture.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I get it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Data Privacy and stuff like that but I'm sure that there's some sort of like user metrics that they can capture the show like oh okay well we had Super Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wonder and here's what percentage of our audience played that you know couch co-op or something like that
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't imagine that it's a very high number, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I mean, I'm sure you get some families that sit down and do that, but I guarantee the majority, the far and away majority of that is going to be just single player.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then why do these DLCs have more like multiplayer things?
[SPEAKER_08]: And consider the system as handheld.
[SPEAKER_08]: It lends itself to single player.
[SPEAKER_08]: Deft in chat says they said that they were going to add more stuff to the single player game too, but they focused way too much on the multiplayer.
[SPEAKER_08]: Agree, because something kind of weird that's happening with these Switch 2 upgrades, and I'm talking the non-performance ones.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, something like what they did to the Zelda game, those are performance upgrades, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's different.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I feel like these non-performance upgrades are these just weird-ass side things that I don't really care for.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mario Party...
[SPEAKER_08]: and the Kinect games.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, it's a hard pass for me.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not really impressed at what they've been developing on that front.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I think that's why this just felt like another one of those where I was like, meh.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if they're going to add to the single player, then maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: I 100% guarantee, like, because even though Switch 2 just came out, what, six months ago or so, I 100% or actually, no, it wasn't six months ago, three months ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: Gosh, it hasn't even been that long.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guarantee by the time that we get around to, uh,
[SPEAKER_02]: to June of next year, they will have already forgotten about that camera.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is going to be a thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's going to be one of those features that they completely dump me considering like with even like the 3DS, the 3D part of that, the whole selling gimmick of that system.
[SPEAKER_02]: They completely toss out the window very shortly afterwards.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guarantee that camera is going that same route.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't imagine that has the staying power.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have yet to use the camera it's set up because you can use any USB camera so actually the old OLR camera well the in my office before I upgraded to a 4k camera my old 1080 I just hooked up to my switch I still had it and it works great you can see my living room but there's no there's not a lot of
[SPEAKER_08]: The online camera thing is kind of cute, but I just don't really have the friends who have wanted to play it.
[SPEAKER_08]: The only thing I've seen people use that for online a little bit is Mario Kart.
[SPEAKER_08]: And maybe to do a YouTube... Because Mario Kart did actually incorporate it well.
[SPEAKER_08]: Where it zooms in on the face, and when you knock people out, it kind of captures them looking at their little webcam image.
[SPEAKER_08]: They do cute Nintendo-y things.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I feel like all that has been really glossed over.
[SPEAKER_08]: in favor of the lame Kinect games that are being added to Mario Party.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I actually think when the add-ons are subtle in that very Nintendo way, it's actually much more powerful than a Kinect game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and on top of that, I'm surprised we still haven't heard anything of all these online tests that they've been doing for some sort of
[SPEAKER_02]: Mobile Game or MMO type thing like we haven't really heard of anything regarding that but we've got it's got to be out there it's probably just not hitting the mainstream because it is under NDA but it's it's probably out there on Reddit or something yeah uh anyways yeah so yeah underwhelming stuff for Super Mario Brothers Wonder uh Yoshi in the Mysterious Book looks kind of cute um
[SPEAKER_02]: you know the whole thing is kind of like this quasi stop motion animation looking thing which looks nice I like how they've done some really cool things with like different animation styles between the games so that'll be coming out next spring they showed off a game called Storm Lancers which was a side-scroller platformer game that's available at Solar Couch Co-op that was actually released that day Dinkum which I think is a PC game as well but Dinkum
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, Dinkum is kind of like a, looks like a cross between like an Animal Crossing style game and I think like almost like a Minecraft type thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Where you basically kind of build up a town and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's going to be launching on the Switch on November 5th.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that looks kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have PapuCom, which is a multiplayer only third person shooter puzzler.
[SPEAKER_02]: That one looked neat.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it looked neat.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's going to be coming out this holiday.
[SPEAKER_02]: We got a new trailer for Tomodachi Life, Living the Dream, where I guess they have weird voices and I kind of love that.
[SPEAKER_08]: It looks great, which is funny because I really feel like I've been like gaslit into liking the first game more than I actually did.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I think a lot of that is because of the memes, the constant memes that come out of this.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I, you know, they showed like a little breaking news sort of segue.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I was talking with DarkSakura about this before because they have a very similar sort of transition on the DarkSakura channel.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I was like, oh, it's funny because that was in the Tamodachi Life.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I'm like, when I saw that in the Tamodachi Life trailer, I was like, oh, this is just meme.
[SPEAKER_08]: Somebody is going to make that TikTok in Tamodachi.
[SPEAKER_08]: Watch, the day that...
[SPEAKER_08]: The day Tamodachi Life releases, go to TikTok, check the tag for Tamodachi Life, and I guarantee you somebody will have made the thing that says, breaking news, you're a cunt.
[SPEAKER_08]: They're going to do it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, that thing's going to get memed a hundred ways.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, it's gonna happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: It looks interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I have to say, it just looks very quirky and strange, which is kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll tell you what just got me on Tomodachi Life was watching them give somebody a cabbage and have her eat the cabbage and go, yum.
[SPEAKER_01]: Who eats a cabbage?
[SPEAKER_01]: Who just eats a whole cabbage.
[SPEAKER_01]: She's going to have some stinky farts.
[SPEAKER_08]: SSJ100 Matt says, Rob's to drama's prediction, safe pit.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a Miss Cleo prediction.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a television magician prediction who has it on the cue cards.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's not even a prediction.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's accepting reality.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a different...
[SPEAKER_08]: We can't call that Robstradamus.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's Rob Shulmato.
[SPEAKER_08]: Accepting that this is our reality.
[SPEAKER_02]: What is that clip where they're pouring airplanes on top of their head or something?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't even know what that is.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, Dolly Partner brings back a controversy with the first game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Dolly Partner says, I hope I can get gay married in this Tomodachi life.
[SPEAKER_08]: My mom's me married Darren Criss on the 3DS version and I wanted him for myself.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's such a Dolly Partner thing to say.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have no idea who you are, but you are so fucking funny, never change.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that was a thing that happened in the first Tomodachi life.
[SPEAKER_08]: Remember, it had all the
[SPEAKER_08]: So you would think all these years later you would hope, and I realize Japan isn't all the way there, but they've made some more strides as, you know, and now we're starting to regress in the U.S., but we're going to hope that worldwide that maybe...
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe you can, you know, if they have to compromise and be like, you partner with anybody and they just, you know, obviously I think it should be marriage no matter what.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, my position is clear.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if there's going to be some compromises made in Tamodachi life, I'm just hoping they get it right this time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, life partner whoever you want.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then they kind of did a segment where they were showcasing partner games.
[SPEAKER_02]: So a lot of these we've kind of heard about before that are coming to the Switch 2 and Switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mortal Kombat Legacy Collection is going to be out digitally, I guess, October 30th, physically, December 12th.
[SPEAKER_02]: Final Fantasy VII Remake Integrate coming to Switch 2 on January 22nd.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder how it's going to run.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm...
[SPEAKER_08]: But those games were on PS4, and no, actually no, the second one wasn't, was it?
[SPEAKER_08]: The first one was.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it'll be interesting to see how that works.
[SPEAKER_02]: Linked Banner of the Spark coming out on both platforms.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was also later that day.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hades 2, September 25th on Switch and Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: Kirby Air Riders.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's good.
[SPEAKER_02]: The early access has been out for like a year.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's still things.
[SPEAKER_01]: Two other partnered things or third-party things I'm super excited about.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: Danganronpa 2 with the story expansion Kirby Air Riders they had new Amiibos they also showed off as well for that which I think Amiibos are people still paying attention to Amiibos now?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah but it's obviously not the huge thing it was before but it's interesting they're still pushing them out
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and that's November 20th.
[SPEAKER_02]: New trailer for Hyrule Age.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh my god, my def says that's a $50 amiibo.
[SPEAKER_08]: Are you shitting me?
[SPEAKER_08]: Is that a tariff problem?
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, why are amiibos $50 now?
[SPEAKER_08]: Is it giant?
[SPEAKER_08]: Is it like the giant pop balloons that are like four times the size?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's November 20th.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hyrule Warriors Age of Imprisonment had a new trailer that's now coming out.
[SPEAKER_02]: That game looks hot.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, November 6th.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a really good Zelda spinoff.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will definitely check this out.
[SPEAKER_08]: Dragon Quest VIII Reimagined
[SPEAKER_08]: and just before you come at me with your pitchfork and torches yes 7 is great I'm glad it's getting a remake you know because we've had you know a lot of the Dragon Quest games getting remade I don't have a problem with it but I was like oh because I'm thinking like it's kind of time for Dragon Quest 12 like how old is Dragon Quest 11 at this point it's several years I'm just kind of surprised it wasn't a Dragon Quest 12 announcement but all right
[SPEAKER_02]: And the thing that you... Well, what is it?
[SPEAKER_02]: They had a small update on the Nintendo Today app, which no one cares about.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then the thing that nobody asked for whatsoever, Virtua Boy Nintendo Classics that are coming to the Switch in 3D thanks to either a $100 piece of plastic that you can plug your Switch 2 into, or Nintendo Switch, I guess,
[SPEAKER_02]: or a cardboard thing which costs like 30 bucks that resembles the Labo virtual reality stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: But the Labo would only work with the Switch One.
[SPEAKER_08]: Although, technically, I believe Virtual Boy is supposed to work with Switch One.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, thank you.
[SPEAKER_01]: I already have one.
[SPEAKER_01]: A real one.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, why... They have this opportunity to basically make something better.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they're like, no, we will keep the original form factor, migraine-inducing and all, and we're just going to give it to you for the same price that it cost when it originally came out.
[SPEAKER_08]: I appreciate the commitment to the bit, if nothing else.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, it is still value for the plus, you know, and some people might be going, what value?
[SPEAKER_08]: I would like to know if you will be able to play these 2D games
[SPEAKER_08]: on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I would like to see a source.
[SPEAKER_08]: And to be fair, I have not gone to the Nintendo official website and looked yet.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I've heard a lot of people saying that the thing is required.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I was taking what they were saying in the direct to mean that the peripherals are required for the 3D visuals.
[SPEAKER_08]: which they were yeah say so and because you know if they don't you know the way things work in this country if they don't say that specifically there'll be a class action lawsuit so say those things are needed for the 3D but can we play the 2D on just without it because I think that would be great um and uh you know but otherwise I as far as the plastic goes I appreciate the commitment to the bit like they didn't go in they went all in
[SPEAKER_01]: Why would anyone want to play anything on it?
[SPEAKER_08]: I agree.
[SPEAKER_08]: The Wario game and the pinball game were fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's my thought process behind it, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: For example, they could have just made a head-mounted display.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not a head-mounted display, but a head-mounted thing that your Switch 2 could plug into or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then, not only is it usable for this, it is usable for other developers if they would like to develop a game that utilizes this
[SPEAKER_02]: Peripheral, or they could add some of those features back in.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe they could even have... I'd probably not Labo support because that was a whole thing, but maybe they could have had some similar stuff like Labo that could have utilized this peripheral now.
[SPEAKER_02]: But now this is a $100...
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: but they're going to be scalping it anyways.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, what makes this thing $100 anyways?
[SPEAKER_02]: It doesn't actually do anything other than have some lenses in it and it's made of plastic.
[SPEAKER_02]: It doesn't actually have any sort of hardware in it that does anything other than it has a tray that sits your Switch console into.
[SPEAKER_08]: Here's what I wish Nintendo would do.
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe lenses.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't... Here's what I wish Nintendo would do.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I don't think they will, but I wish they would.
[SPEAKER_08]: Is that if they're gonna go so far as to release this and do all this other stuff, I wish they would let people develop for it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Meaning, like, if people wanna do... And I don't know, I'm assuming maybe there's just not the oomph in there to do, like, a full VR other game.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_02]: I understand that it might have the lenses in there and stuff, and it may basically set it up to where it shifts it so that it goes into both your eyes.
[SPEAKER_02]: However, they put the red tint of the glass on there anyways.
[SPEAKER_02]: So now everything's going to be monochrome red, even if they decided later on down the road that, oh, hey, someone else can develop something for this that uses this device.
[SPEAKER_02]: Whatever it's developed now, it's going to be monochrome red because they put that crap in there.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wonder if that's how they're getting around the headache issue, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the headache thing, I think, also comes from the refresh on that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Obviously, the screen probably refreshes faster than the old system did.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the form factor is awful, too, because you have to bend down to use it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just strap it to your head.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't understand what the problem is.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, eh, whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, it's whatever they're going to do with it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It seems like it's just going to be a thing that gets not utilized whatsoever.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I mean, Bobby does make a decent point in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bobby says, we want game preservation.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, not like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Again, I appreciate the commitment to the bit, if nothing else, from Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, putting out the plastic thing is actually pretty ballsy.
[SPEAKER_02]: It should be half the price.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because if the cardboard thing is $25, where do you get the extra $75?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not in the plastic.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's hardly anything on there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, you got a little bit of metal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, I...
[SPEAKER_08]: I again I hope that it plays 2D I'm just not really interested in commit like I think as much as I say the commitment to the bit is neat I don't know if I realistically see myself wanting to play the video games like this like you used to do with the Virtual Boy like I would just like to be able to play it 2D but I don't know we'll see we'll see what happens so
[SPEAKER_08]: um let's see uh and Bobby says they don't manufacture them in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_08]: Def says the thing says made in China don't know if it's actually made in China but maybe um so I can't imagine the markup being that high like I just realistically when you okay no I get 25 I mean the cardboard is 25 dollars
[SPEAKER_02]: Right, exactly.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're telling me that this thing is more expensive to manufacture than the controllers that you use on the game console.
[SPEAKER_02]: Almost $100.
[SPEAKER_08]: Those are $90 now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I understand that, but that's even less expensive.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there's no hardware inside this.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's all a plastic shell.
[SPEAKER_02]: You cannot tell me that is more expensive to manufacture.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't buy it.
[SPEAKER_08]: and also don't buy it because it's bad alright, I'm telling you they'll sell out, they'll be impossible to find I mean, yeah, if I put up two for sale that's how Nintendo collectibles go the end of it is that people there will be people who will buy it
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: People are going to buy this because growing up they were told they can't have one or they couldn't have one.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think that's huge for people because I got to be honest, if I end up getting one of these things, it is exactly that reason why.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will be buying it because I couldn't have one growing up.
[SPEAKER_08]: The Bride Guys Gaming in chat says, I'm buying it because I've been wanting a Virtual Boy and I've been hunting for years.
[SPEAKER_01]: I do want to...
[SPEAKER_01]: I want to reply to Rinmari who said people shouldn't buy this Virtual Boy nonsense in the same way people shouldn't buy Hogwarts Legacy.
[SPEAKER_01]: The two have nothing to do with each other.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nothing to do with each other.
[SPEAKER_08]: I would need more information on that because on its text it sounds like a real reach.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's one thing about supporting a turf and then just supporting Nintendo's business decision.
[SPEAKER_01]: Two or two different things.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will say Rinmari's comment above caught my eye and I think this is...
[SPEAKER_08]: A very interesting point, saying can't wait for someone to 3D print this for cheaper.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a very interesting point, actually, and I think one that ought to be considered.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wonder, though, if these games can't be played in 2D, if there's some little, little thing, little dock, little switch, little chip, and baby little chip in this thing that is necessary for the whole damn thing to work.
[SPEAKER_01]: That'll also be figured out.
[SPEAKER_01]: That won't be hard.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, hold on, hold on, hold on.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can already squash that because, no, it's not because they have a cardboard thing that they're making.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, like, no, it does not require that.
[SPEAKER_08]: I bet, if anything, it's like the Amiibo technology.
[SPEAKER_08]: But Jamie's right that it'll get cloned immediately.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, it is not that because they're not going to put that kind of...
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just a cardboard or plastic thing that you just slide your device into that looks like Virtual Boy.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's all it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: This has a little bit more hardware on it because it's got a couple pieces of metal for the stand and the adjustment clip or whatever to make it less headache-inducing, but still headache-inducing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyways, yeah, we could complain about the Virtual Boy all day long, but we have more stuff to talk about.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're on our way.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: I found the patent from last year.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was a patent approved in September that provided an update for Nintendo's patent for a goggle apparatus including a display section that was post-Labo.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I am going to pull... Oh, it doesn't want to load up for me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you, government website.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I'm going to see if I can find the patent and see what it has about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well anyway...
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyways, we had Fatal Frame 2 Crimson Butterfly Remake announced for Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's coming in early 2026.
[SPEAKER_02]: They showed off some more partner games.
[SPEAKER_02]: One Piece Pirate Warriors 4, which is coming in this fall.
[SPEAKER_02]: Overcooked 2, this holiday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Stardew Valley is going to be getting a port to Switch 2 this fall.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Human Fall Flat Nintendo Switch 2 Edition coming in the spring.
[SPEAKER_02]: as well as Power Wash Simulator 2 this fall.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's exciting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Suica Game Planet which is arriving.
[SPEAKER_01]: Suica Game is great.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've played that thing religiously on my phone.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sweet Good Game Planet, yep, coming to Switch and Switch 2 this winter.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then the weirdest look at Metroid Prime 4, it is apparently looking very open world.
[SPEAKER_02]: And in Nintendo fashion, everybody gets a motorcycle.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so Samus is getting a futuristic motorcycle because, you know, not to be outdone by Mario and Link.
[SPEAKER_02]: Great to me.
[SPEAKER_08]: That Tron looks more interesting than the movie that's coming, so I'll take it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Metroid Prime 4 looks hot.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we have a date, a release date, December 4th on the Switch and Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: Switch and Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was always planned that way.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's not new.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's not new news.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, they said that because there's yeah, there's probably going to be an upgrade and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyway, I yeah, of course, I'll be buying it as a Metroid fan.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I I think the December target is super interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think a lot of people were thinking it would get pushed to next year.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you don't often see games released in December.
[SPEAKER_08]: So but I think
[SPEAKER_08]: They've done that before.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think Nintendo is betting.
[SPEAKER_08]: They have done it before because it wasn't Smash when they did it on Switch.
[SPEAKER_08]: There was something big they released in December.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyway, I digress.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think they're just betting on it doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_08]: And they're probably right.
[SPEAKER_08]: It doesn't matter, especially in this age of buying a lot of games digitally and things like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: It doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_08]: The game's still going to sell in December.
[SPEAKER_08]: But they're really taking the most time they can because you know they want to put that out
[SPEAKER_02]: If they can, Thanksgiving week So they need every week, they're making it all count Yeah, we've got, they announced some Donkey Kong Bonanza DLC DK Island and Emerald Rush Which is coming out, well came out today Thank you, Death Says, Smash Ultimate was early December 2017 Was it?
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay I thought that was a December release, okay
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: This one looked interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pokemon Pokopia?
[SPEAKER_08]: On the DLC.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry, I don't mean to take you back, but I do.
[SPEAKER_08]: Somebody said in chat, and sorry, the comment long scrolled away, but somebody had said they were surprised that there was not a Mario Kart DLC.
[SPEAKER_08]: And even though we had this, there was no Mario Kart World DLC.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I gotta say, I agree with that comment.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was actually surprised with all these other DLCs we're seeing that there isn't one for Mario Kart yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Probably because I think it's not waiting yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of that stuff they probably develop and then hold off until the interest in the game starts dipping and then they release it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think you could be right that they are intentionally timing that after the holiday because they figure a lot of Switch 2s are going to show up
[SPEAKER_08]: as holiday presents, you know, or what have you in December.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then, you know, many of them are going to come with that game bundled or buy it separately.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then maybe a good time to target the first DLC is going to be February or March.
[SPEAKER_08]: Although we did still see spring content in this direct, but I'm sure there'll be another direct in the future.
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe they'll end up shadow dropping DLC or something.
[SPEAKER_08]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_08]: But I will admit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyways, that game, Pokemon Copia, looked kind of strange.
[SPEAKER_02]: You play as a ditto disguised as a human and you build like a paradise.
[SPEAKER_02]: It almost looks a little bit like Animal Crossing in that sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: Lethal Art style kind of resembles that.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think a lot of people were saying Minecraft, but I would say Dragon Quest Builders.
[SPEAKER_08]: This looks like Pokemon Dragon Quest Builders 100%.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so it looks interesting in that sense, but it is a...
[SPEAKER_08]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think the two games will coexist safely.
[SPEAKER_08]: I plan on owning both.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think just like multiple fighting games can sort of exist.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can have Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat and Tekken and people buy it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think there's room for it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I do.
[SPEAKER_08]: But maybe...
[SPEAKER_08]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I'm sure if it threatens Mario Kart, they'll just patent Karts in video games and then they can sue them into oblivion.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, anyway, sorry Loki, I keep interrupting, but chat's got some good stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pokemon Legends EA, they showed off a little bit more of the game, and of course it's going to be coming out October 16th on both the Switch and Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: Along with that, they announced DLC for the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Even though the game's not out yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's Mega Dimension.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not as super bothered by that as other people are.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I think one thing to consider with that, the original Pokemon Legends never had DLC.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it probably should have.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I think part of why they're saying this ahead of time is to let people know, yeah, we're going to have more DLC for this.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's going to be more to it than just the game.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is going to be an investment.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I...
[SPEAKER_08]: I, I,
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't have the problem with this, a lot of people seem to.
[SPEAKER_08]: I like seeing that roadmap that the company believes in the game enough to do this.
[SPEAKER_08]: That being said, because somebody dig up the clip of me shading Ubisoft for doing the same thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are they still selling it as two different games?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like Pokemon Z and Pokemon A?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, Pokemon Legends is one game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, just making sure, because I know that's another reason.
[SPEAKER_08]: True, that's been a mainstay of the Pokemon, but yeah, I get why that's irritating.
[SPEAKER_08]: But no, Legends is one game, and it still is.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyway, before somebody goes back and pulls the clip of me shading Ubisoft for doing the same thing, I want to get their games.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's different when the DLC feels mandatory to the story of the main game.
[SPEAKER_08]: and so on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Nintendo has a pretty darn good track record with DLC I'm not super bothered by this I'm actually glad they're committed to Legends and I just hope the game is as good as I think it's going to be because Legends Arceus is my favorite Pokemon game okay all right
[SPEAKER_02]: And then transitioning from Pokemon, we can talk about one game that Jamie's interested in, Danganronpa 2x2, Goodbye Despair.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's going to be coming to the Switch next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dynasty Warriors Origins Switch 2 release and DLC was announced for January 22nd.
[SPEAKER_02]: Monster Hunter Story 3 Twisted Reflection 2 Point Museum Disgaea 7 Complete
[SPEAKER_02]: EA Sports FC25, Virtua Fighter 2 Revo, World Stage, LEGO Voyagers, Little Nightmares 3, and Persona 3 Reload.
[SPEAKER_02]: All of those due out in the next month or two.
[SPEAKER_02]: And let's see what else.
[SPEAKER_02]: Resident Evil Requiem is going to be coming to the Switch 2 February 27th, in case you were wondering that, as well as...
[SPEAKER_02]: Resident Evil 7 and 8 will be out as well the same day and then they ended the whole direct with a Fire Emblem game Fire Emblem Fortunes Weave coming in 2026 I wish I was more into the Fire Emblem games than I actually am I am not into the Fire Emblem games I'm just not a big fan of those tactical games but except Final Fantasy Tactics
[SPEAKER_08]: and that one's coming out real soon too I don't know maybe I need to stop being stubborn and try a Fire Emblem game for once but with all the other things I'm interested in in this direct I don't feel like Fire Emblem is one that's going to get my pre-order but I'm really like I understand just because I don't play it doesn't mean it's a bad game other people I'm sure are thrilled about this because I don't think there's been a new Fire Emblem game in a bit so I'm happy for them I think it's great
[SPEAKER_08]: and it's nice to see what the new Smash characters will be when they make a new Smash game.
[SPEAKER_01]: So if I may wind us a little bit back to the Virtual Boy.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: I looked at the patent, and there's supposed to be some sort of chipset involved on this device.
[SPEAKER_01]: It doesn't explain the cardboard one, but I just wanted to say that they're listing, like, viewing the TV with it.
[SPEAKER_01]: So apparently this has been through some iterations, but it's got some chip processing in it, looking at the flowchart.
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe at one point they were thinking of re-releasing it standalone like an NES classic or something.
[SPEAKER_01]: One of the images have them using the device and looking at the TV.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Deft is correcting me to say that there was a Fire Emblem Engage in 2023.
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought it had been longer than that.
[SPEAKER_08]: My bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and with the patent thing, I know that they showed it in the trailer.
[SPEAKER_02]: It didn't look like that there was any...
[SPEAKER_02]: sort of thing it was plugging into, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would be shocked if there was any hardware built into that device because there's really no need to have that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, now the controllers are they didn't even release the Virtual Boy controller that goes along with that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That should be included for the $100 if I'm going to be paying that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, you know, I guess we can use the Joy-Cons.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a good point.
[SPEAKER_08]: Where's the controller for this?
Hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is no controller.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure they're going to charge you another $80 for that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, that is the last patent I can see on there that was filed by the inventors.
[SPEAKER_01]: Wait, wait, wait.
[SPEAKER_01]: One for August 19th.
[SPEAKER_01]: This year.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to keep digging in this.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll tell you more.
[SPEAKER_01]: Display device comprising a peripheral circuit having a transistor and black matrix including an opening and peripheral area.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, they're doing more.
[SPEAKER_01]: Their stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, we have more on patents and Nintendo coming up in a little bit because there's another big story some of you are probably thinking of.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll get to that in a minute.
[SPEAKER_08]: But first, I do want to get to our gaming weeks.
[SPEAKER_08]: However, on the directs, how did you feel about it overall?
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, I know you kind of followed it all.
[SPEAKER_08]: What did you think overall?
[SPEAKER_02]: It was okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, I'm going to tell you right now, Jamie, just drop any sort of illusion that there's something plugged into.
[SPEAKER_02]: So the way that the Switch 2 sits in there, it sits with the bottom sagging out of the bottom.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's nothing that plugs into it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is just plastic.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can see it in the video.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then I don't think it's worth it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Wait for 3D print.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, 3D print.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's going to be interesting how that changes it.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: As far as what I felt about the Direct, I thought it was fine.
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought there was a little something for everybody.
[SPEAKER_08]: I did feel, you know, there are some games I just was not as actively interested in as others.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm glad to see what sort of their celebration of Mario 40th anniversary looks like.
[SPEAKER_08]: As much as I love Galaxy, I'm not paying $70 for those games again.
[SPEAKER_08]: So but that
[SPEAKER_08]: That's neat that that's happening in the movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: It will probably be pretty good.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I think there were definitely things in there I wasn't expecting, like the Pocopia, that caught my attention.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was like, oh, this looks like it'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I feel fine and secure in my Switch 2 investment.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that's, I guess, what a direct is supposed to do.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
[SPEAKER_08]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm pretty busy, honestly, all things considered.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've been getting back into Avatar, Frontiers of Pandora.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've really been enjoying that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have been playing, of course, a lot of Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_01]: I went for my Dracula adept last night.
[SPEAKER_01]: I hated the first game I played.
[SPEAKER_01]: It got better as I went on, but he's no pig.
[SPEAKER_01]: I also played Mass Effect 3 again and beat the game last night while I was half falling out of my chair of course, Palia, Suika game I play on my phone that's about it right now Loki, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was finishing up updates to my arena, the Slumber Dome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Added a bunch of features to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pushed those out the other day.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I'm trying to go through and record stuff for a new episode to just put something out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I need to render my livestreams.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I did some livestreams over on my birthday and then
[SPEAKER_08]: I saw that stream on your birthday, and by the way, happy birthday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I did that, and then I was going to do some more on Friday, but then I ended up not doing that because I was going to get sidetracked with I think more updates to the actual Slumber Dome stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, it's in a pretty good spot now.
[SPEAKER_02]: So hopefully we'll get more worked on that pretty soon and move on to other things.
[SPEAKER_08]: My gimme week was, you know, I'm still on this Final Fantasy XI rabbit hole hard.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was playing Horizon, and let me tell you how bad this has gotten now.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got a little irritated because I was trying to figure out ways to make gil, and I decided to get into fishing, and I bought a 10,000 gil fishing rod.
[SPEAKER_08]: and I ended up breaking it because I didn't like read all the fine print because some of the online FAQs are so old they're not very good and it wasn't warning me that if you see that you're about to capture a big fish you need to cancel or you might break this thing I got really frustrated so I was like we're we're fighting right now I'm not playing Horizon for a minute because I'm just frustrated but then meanwhile my friends some of my other friends when I started talking about Final Fantasy 11 they signed up for a different private server called Cat's Eye
[SPEAKER_08]: and they've been trying to get me to go over there and I'm like no I don't want to because I'm I'm really invested in this horizon thing and the achievements and stuff I'm gonna I'm gonna just kind of stick over here I'm really enjoying the game but then because now I'm fighting a little bit through no fault of the server uh because I I got frustrated where my character was at I decided to go um take a peek at this cat's eye and I downloaded it so now I have a full second install of Final Fantasy 11 to check out this other private server but it's a very different experience because it's it's fucking like
[SPEAKER_08]: Final Fantasy XI on crack.
[SPEAKER_08]: The XP gains are like 10 times what you would get normally.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the one I think I played on.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's like playing Ragnarok Online.
[SPEAKER_08]: Instead of being a 75 era server, it's still a 75 server, but it's on the Rhapsodies expansion, which means it has the trusts
[SPEAKER_08]: It has the Records of Eminence thing where you can XP grind so fucking easy and the book burning and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm like, oh my god, I barely played and I'm already level 18 on my character.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm ready to go get sub job items and I'm barely out of Gustaburg.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just wild.
[SPEAKER_08]: But it's nice that I have that to play with my friends when they want to play.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, SSJ100Matt says, Cat's Eye sounds erotic.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm making a DDR joke.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I...
[SPEAKER_08]: Laughed at the same coincidence there.
[SPEAKER_08]: And as I was logging in, I was going like, Haunted by a cat's eye.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I've been playing that.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I've also, so I got a little thing for my Steam Deck.
[SPEAKER_08]: I finally got a dock for my Steam Deck so I could hook it up to my TV downstairs.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I now have my little emulator deck there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Night Game?
[SPEAKER_08]: I have that game yeah that's a and that's a collector's item right because they didn't make a ton of them uh if I remember right so and I forgot yeah I think it goes for quite a bit I thought I forgot Cody and Guy are in that game and Hager like they have all three in that one because obviously the Super Nintendo one was kind of infamous because they cut Guy who was in the arcade release and then years later they did this whole separate I think it was a blockbuster exclusive blockbuster exclusive yeah called Final Fight Guy and
[SPEAKER_08]: I have that too
[SPEAKER_08]: But at least I played it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's cute.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's a highlight.
[SPEAKER_08]: I play a variety of old NES games.
[SPEAKER_08]: And now I'm like, okay, I got to get my Game Boy Advance games on there, my Game Boy games so I can play like Revenge of the Gator.
[SPEAKER_08]: And everything is hooked up to retro achievements.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's cute.
[SPEAKER_08]: Uh, otherwise I've been playing my mobile games too.
[SPEAKER_08]: There was a lot going on in the mobile games today.
[SPEAKER_08]: Uh, I grinded out a million AP in Ingress because I stupidly recursed a couple weeks ago and I need to get back to where I was at because I miss the XM tank that comes with level 16.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um, and then Pokemon Go had a community day today.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I was just Bluetooth catching through that.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think I caught maybe 10 shinies.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: and then Pikmin had a community day so I had to walk 10,000 steps today in Pikmin so I was multitasking all the games on the mobile front today but it was a good excuse to get some laps in downtown and get a lot of steps in so can't complain alright let's get into some more I have breaking news Ragnarok Online 3 is in beta right now
[SPEAKER_01]: And I'm just signing up for it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Heal, please.
[SPEAKER_01]: Pront, please.
[SPEAKER_08]: Pront, please.
[SPEAKER_08]: Warp, pront.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: Warp, pront.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's get into some gaming news.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, funny enough, we brought up patents earlier.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is a big one on the Nintendo front.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so we've talked about Pokemon patents in the past when we were talking about the whole Power World lawsuit thing and how they were trying to go after like patented gameplay stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we said, oh, yeah, that's stupid.
[SPEAKER_02]: That shouldn't be patentable.
[SPEAKER_02]: But hey, it's in Japan, so their rules are different and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, look at that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It wasn't that long, and already our broken patent system here in the United States has jumped in and said, hold my beer, we're going to also break some patents and do stupid things.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to just enhance what you said a little bit and say our broken government here in the United States, which includes the patent system.
[SPEAKER_02]: and so on.
[SPEAKER_02]: are available that feature that type of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And clearly there are many examples of not only Nintendo games, but also other games that have had something where you summon a character to fight another character.
[SPEAKER_08]: Digimon would be a pretty good example that comes to mind.
[SPEAKER_02]: Digimon, Final Fantasy 3.
[SPEAKER_08]: Doesn't Digimon predate Pokemon 2?
[SPEAKER_01]: Digi...
[SPEAKER_01]: Digimon also doesn't use like a summoning thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: They just hang out with you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right, but it doesn't matter though.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the fact that they were able to, you know, patent that is just stupid.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you know what that's going to be used for?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's going to be used to attack Power World.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or it's going to be used to attack anybody else that decides to make a game that is stupid.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's what I'm really worried about the indies and Nintendo's overly litigious.
[SPEAKER_08]: But like, okay, so I gave an example of playing Final Fantasy XI and now in that newer version you summon trusts to go out and do things.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that makes me think of like even the older Final Fantasy games summoning Shiva to do.
[SPEAKER_08]: So like there's other AAA companies that are going to be impacted by this.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I don't see Nintendo
[SPEAKER_08]: Getting to hang on to this.
[SPEAKER_08]: If Nintendo takes one step in the wrong direction and sues the wrong company, it's over for you hoes.
[SPEAKER_08]: I believe is the phrase.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey, if we're just letting people patent all sorts of things, let's just come up with a bunch of patents that are all Nintendo gameplay.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we'll just go patent all of them since obviously it doesn't matter if previous works are a thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we're just...
[SPEAKER_02]: Throwing those rules out the window, then I'll go see Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_02]: How about that?
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's so messy, but I'm sure I'm, you know, and maybe I'm wrong, but I'm probably not, is that this is probably due to less employees at the patent office.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wonder why.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, less employees should mean that the process takes longer to get through rather than speeding it up and doing a crappy job about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's just going to be stupid because clearly there are prior works.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that this patent should be nullified.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is going to take probably a lawsuit by probably the Power World folks to be able to do that or somebody else to do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe if they ever try to sue somebody over this patent,
[SPEAKER_02]: All your copies of Magic Pen Gel about to spike in value.
[SPEAKER_08]: That game is now illegal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Should have never been awarded.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just disgusting to see that this type of stuff is allowed to happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, that's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: If Nintendo didn't make great games, I think they wouldn't be getting as much of a pass from people as they do on a lot of their business practices in general.
[SPEAKER_02]: They make a lot of bad business practices as far as harassing other companies and being extremely litigious over things that are just ridiculous like
[SPEAKER_02]: Making YouTube videos on their content or developing a game that has similar mechanics but is not copying their game.
[SPEAKER_02]: They should have gone after Palworld for the trademarks, not the copyright.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think the lawsuit with Palworld is going to get this shut down.
[SPEAKER_08]: But again, I said what I said earlier, if they take a step in the wrong direction and try to go after the wrong company, they're going to lose that patent real fast.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, let's talk about what's going on.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was going to mention one more thing, too, like other like trash that they announced also during the direct.
[SPEAKER_02]: What was the thing with the flower from Super Mario Wonder?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like this thing that just randomly.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, the physical the physical thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: The yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: It just shouts random lines.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want that thing to read me.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want that thing to roast me.
[SPEAKER_08]: If I'm going to buy a flower like that, I want it to roast me in the morning when I'm trying to get up.
[SPEAKER_08]: It should combo with Alarmo and it should wake me up by reading me to filth.
[SPEAKER_02]: Get up, dumbass.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, exactly.
[SPEAKER_08]: You better get out of that bed, fatso, or you're going to break it again.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that's how it should be.
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe that's why.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to patent a device right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: A device that roasts your ass to get out of bed.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, anyway.
[SPEAKER_08]: But nothing too naughty in that roasting, or I might get shut down by the new Sony PlayStation Family app.
[SPEAKER_08]: So Nintendo and Microsoft have had versions of parental controls through an app for quite a long time, but PlayStation is kind of finally getting on the bandwagon.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's an app called the PlayStation Family app, and it allows you to do the parental controls through the app similar to what you do on the console.
[SPEAKER_08]: But there are some extra things as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: There is an onboarding process in case you are unaware of the features of the app and what you can do with it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then you can also look at playtime limits.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can view activity reports.
[SPEAKER_08]: So if the kiddos are sneaking on that PlayStation late at night, your PlayStation will now rat you out through this app.
[SPEAKER_08]: It can also manage spending.
[SPEAKER_08]: So you can set a budget and all that and create content filters.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can also configure privacy settings for social features.
[SPEAKER_08]: Also through the app, you can get real-time notifications of what your kid is playing.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can also approve or deny requests from kids for extra playtime or restricted game access within the app.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that might be a thing like, you know, if you do your homework, you get an extra 30 minutes.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know how...
[SPEAKER_08]: Me managing children couldn't be me.
[SPEAKER_08]: And my cats don't play PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'm scot-free.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I do think, obviously, all joking aside, I think this is a great thing for parents to be able to actively participate in what their kids are doing.
[SPEAKER_08]: So this is great.
[SPEAKER_08]: And the Xbox One is only five years old at this point.
[SPEAKER_08]: And the Nintendo One goes all the way back to, I think, 2017 or 2016 when the Switch first came out.
[SPEAKER_08]: So nice of PlayStation to be here, but we'll...
[SPEAKER_08]: we'll do that
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm reading now some of the comments.
[SPEAKER_08]: TigerClaw says, it'll be like, Rob, Rob, wake up, time to get to work.
[SPEAKER_08]: And PodCulture follows that up with, Rob, coffee.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's, yes, accurate, accurate.
[SPEAKER_08]: DJ Ranma S says, the Rob Roberts roaster, get roasted, but fabulously.
[SPEAKER_08]: It doesn't have to be me.
[SPEAKER_08]: I feel it should be plug and play.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think there's a lot of people that would like to get roasted by DarkSakura, and DarkSakura is happy to do some roasting.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I have more of a voice, sure.
[SPEAKER_08]: Uh, let's see, uh, PodCulture says they are Xbox kitties?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if my cats... Actually, my cats are retro kitties.
[SPEAKER_08]: I tell you, when I started playing Gradius, I was playing Gradius 3, actually, specifically, earlier this week on Super Nintendo, Oreo took a great interest into what was going on on the television screen in Gradius 3, because he probably sees the Vic Viper as a fucking bird.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, my cats...
[SPEAKER_08]: My cats aren't smart.
[SPEAKER_08]: They're cute, but they're not smart.
[SPEAKER_08]: So he probably thinks the Vic Viper's a bird.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, DJ Ranma S says the Loki roaster module is just Loki roasting Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_08]: It doesn't roast you.
[SPEAKER_08]: It roasts Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, you better get out of bed before Nintendo trademarks the process.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a lot of things like we roast the things we love.
[SPEAKER_02]: You should talk.
[SPEAKER_02]: You should hear the complaints we have or I have.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, not only me, but like other people that I play with about Mojang and Minecraft and stuff and just like the dumb things that they do with that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is true.
[SPEAKER_02]: I could go on for days and I do usually.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: What do we have next, Loki?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, we have, you know, games being games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Borderlands 4 just released and, you know, usually I'd be really on board to like pick it up and check it out because I'm a huge Borderlands fan.
[SPEAKER_02]: However, I decided to wait because there's a lot of issues.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of people are saying that there's issues with the performance of the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: That Unreal 5 is being trash and the game is crashing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's poorly optimized.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's doing all sorts of things regarding just having the top-end hardware and it's still running like absolute garbage.
[SPEAKER_02]: They've put out, I think, 2K put out a...
[SPEAKER_02]: A guide on how to get the settings that they recommend that you run it in, depending on what your hardware is and your GPU and whatever screen size you have.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of the recommendations have been just run it in low.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, that's kind of pathetic, though, if you can't even run this in top-tier hardware.
[SPEAKER_02]: But...
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know console I think is not such a problem it's more on the PC side but you know bad PC ports are still not worth it so I'm just gonna wait until they fix their issues also I don't know anything about this game
[SPEAKER_08]: Can I ask this question about Borderlands to Borderlands fans out there?
[SPEAKER_08]: And it is somewhat relevant for this.
[SPEAKER_08]: Are they like are they like Final Fantasy games where I don't need to play them in sequence?
[SPEAKER_08]: Like it's fine to play them out of sequence because everybody tells me I should play Borderlands 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: And my problem is I've tried Borderlands 1 and it's fine.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't have a problem with the game.
[SPEAKER_08]: I actually, you know, as much as I don't play a lot of shooters, I think the RPG elements make it very interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: I actually think it's a very interesting sort of setup, but I just haven't really been motivated to really get through the game.
[SPEAKER_08]: so can I just pick up Borderlands 2 and play?
[SPEAKER_02]: there's not a lot crossover yeah you can some of it is like there are some characters that come back like I know between 1 and 2 there was some characters that appeared from 1 that would be introduced again it's not necessary that you know what their backstory is and honestly like a lot of the stuff through the game doesn't really explain much of their backstory other than yeah these are characters from the first game
[SPEAKER_02]: Three, I don't even remember if three had a lot from the other games in it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then the pre-sequel, I don't know either.
[SPEAKER_08]: Tiny Tina's Wonderlands was also the one that interested me the most, to be quite honest.
[SPEAKER_08]: I like the magical setup of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that was a little bit different as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think there's a lot that ties in with each other.
[SPEAKER_02]: There are some things like Easter eggs, or maybe you'll catch some more references or something, but I don't think it really takes away from it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And see, I wouldn't say that about every game series.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mass Effect, which I love, I say you really...
[SPEAKER_08]: You at a minimum, you need to do the comic from the first one or watch a playthrough or something of the first game.
[SPEAKER_08]: I realize like it's, you know, it's kind of at its core.
[SPEAKER_08]: It has some different sort of things like the Mako and stuff doesn't really come back in later games.
[SPEAKER_08]: But like, I feel like you need the understanding of the first game in order to really get the second and the third game.
[SPEAKER_08]: and Mass Effect 2 is really, truly one of the greatest games of all time.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I think 3 is up there with it too.
[SPEAKER_08]: But you have to suffer through that first game.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if you don't want to put in the 30, 40 hours in the game because you just want to get to the good stuff, at least do the damn comic to give you the big points.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if you'd agree with that, Jamie, but I feel like that first Mass Effect game is important.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's different.
[SPEAKER_01]: Or just...
[SPEAKER_01]: or at least watch a playthrough of it and then go through and use one of the mod tools to skip the first game.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, the first game has a lot of stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: It has the shifty cow.
[SPEAKER_01]: It has Garrus.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, and Kirahi.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hold the line.
[SPEAKER_08]: QuestBuster in chat says you can hop right into 4 without knowing anything about Borderlands other than you can shoot things and get loot.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think we all understand that.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_08]: So this new version of Acclaim really has nothing to do with the old Acclaim besides the name.
[SPEAKER_08]: But people were wondering, what is it going to be?
[SPEAKER_08]: Is it going to be like a front end for shovelware, like AI garbage and NFT shit?
[SPEAKER_08]: And the answer based on this first direct is pleasantly no.
[SPEAKER_08]: It looks like it's going to put together some interesting sort of indie types of titles and put them together under this Play Acclaim banner.
[SPEAKER_08]: The one that caught my eye, of course, is Gridbeat.
[SPEAKER_08]: Gridbeat was a game that they announced because that was a sort of rhythm.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like I kind of got Crypt of the Necrodancer vibes, but like with like, I don't want to say Tron, but like that more like Neo, like, you know, computer-y sort of vibe going on to it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ingress vibes.
[SPEAKER_08]: I like to pixel watch here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: It looked like PowerWash Sim, but not.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, that's a clever idea for a game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ground Zero Hero was another game.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's an action rogue light where you, of course, are playing in a post-apocalyptic wasteland.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, you know, Borderlands story-esque vibes, but I think it's obviously a very different kind of game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Talaka
[SPEAKER_08]: which is, again, another sort of rogue-esque kind of game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Afro-Brazilian mythology in this game.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a hand-painted game.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a very artsy kind of game.
[SPEAKER_08]: You play as a young warrior restoring balance as ancient Orisha legends unravel into chaos.
[SPEAKER_08]: So...
[SPEAKER_08]: Toss Down A Package Delivery Adventure Game The Prisoning Fletcher's Quest
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if I need this in a game.
[SPEAKER_01]: I love my games.
[SPEAKER_08]: Plenty of it in real life.
[SPEAKER_01]: I feel fairly drenched in anxiety myself.
[SPEAKER_08]: Catanaut, which came out as of the day of this.
[SPEAKER_08]: So it's only out on PC for now, but it is another roguelite.
[SPEAKER_08]: So you can see where a lot of these indie games are going, but that's all right.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a popular genre.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then we have Hyper Yuki Snowboard Syndicate.
[SPEAKER_08]: So honestly, not a bad lineup of games for something that could have been...
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, they could have put the name on junk garbage, and it's nice to see that does not appear to be the case.
[SPEAKER_08]: It does look like they are curating some good indie titles to sort of, you know, put a little production push behind and take a cut of the profits, ultimately.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: A few comments in chat about the snowboard game.
[SPEAKER_08]: SJ100Matt says, like, the snowboard game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Dr. Suya says, very JSR-like visuals, at least.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: I...
[SPEAKER_08]: It's hard to be mad at.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think this turned out pretty good, all things expected.
[SPEAKER_08]: And again, if you were expecting something like the return of Double Dragon or something, they already have that somewhere else.
[SPEAKER_08]: Somebody else bought the rights to that, and you were setting your expectations unreasonably.
[SPEAKER_08]: So the indie games that they're bolstering up look to be kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, I saw this and thought, oh, I know somebody that's going to be happy to hear this.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so everyone knows my favorite band is Gorillaz, them and Pain.
[SPEAKER_01]: And Pain is actually now called Salvo, but that's a different story.
[SPEAKER_01]: So back in the day, their website was a flash website where you could tour Kong Studios.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, you know, it was I was telling Loki earlier that it kind of gave me a Terry Gilliam vibe, like, you know, the kind of collage-y looking place.
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_01]: you can go through the lobby and they're going to do more rooms and content so that's cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm glad that they've brought it back.
[SPEAKER_01]: There are a lot of other minigames that were hidden in the old version like finding like DAT and putting them in the player the right way or
[SPEAKER_01]: Like clicking different things to find secret rooms and all kinds of stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: So as a Gorillaz fan, I am all over for this.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it's good that we're getting stuff like this again, because I mean, it seems like a lot of bands are sort of forgetting the fun factor and are looking at the buy our shit factor.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I agree with that.
[SPEAKER_08]: We don't see a lot of bands with such innovative, interesting websites anymore.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's all just Spotify links on social media, which I understand why it is that way, because that's where the money is.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I think that there's something to be said about building your brand with something really fun like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: yeah and it's just it's so interactive and it also like right when you sign in you have like a um a gravestone and you put your name on it's like well yeah that's uh that's quite right quite right all right uh i'm digging it sjo and her matt says they're putting out a new album soon right oh is this maybe leading to a new album yeah the mountain hmm
[SPEAKER_06]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Go ahead.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: I need to, like, not look at the site right now.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's easy to get distracted.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's go on to Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Genki has reached a settlement with Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_02]: You may remember them from... What was it?
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh...
[SPEAKER_08]: Backroom's a consumer electronics show, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, CES, that's right, CES who they had like a 3D printed mock-up of the Switch 2 which, you know, apparently they said was based off of the actual hardware and that got leaked out and...
[SPEAKER_02]: Nintendo was not happy about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so with this, they have reached a confidential settlement where they've agreed to make a payment in the agreed upon amount.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course, they're not going to talk about what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, they are permanently enjoined from using terms glitched to glitched
[SPEAKER_02]: Genki Direct and Genki Indirect Genki Direct, interesting or any other similar rebranding or approximations of Nintendo's intellectual property products, product names, characters presentations or marks for any accessories compatible or for the marketed use of Nintendo products
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course, obviously this was because they made that whole 3D printed thing and asserted that it was based off of the actual, uh, hardware.
[SPEAKER_08]: So they can't even, they can't even use the names.
[SPEAKER_08]: So they're going to have to sell like Nontendo swatch accessories.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, they can't even do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: They can't even use something that's similar.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they are not allowed to use approximations of their intellectual property.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it might be that they have to be officially licensed by Nintendo, in case they can use Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is for the Nintendo Switch or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But right now, they're not even allowed to...
[SPEAKER_08]: Or they can go bankrupt because of this, which is also a likely outcome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, we're going to do the direct Genki, or I don't know what the hell they would do.
[SPEAKER_02]: Come up with something.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, come on.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can't come up with your own presentation thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, who gives a crap about a direct about game accessories?
[SPEAKER_08]: I know, I can't think of the last time I was seated promptly for a showcase on gaming accessories.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's go.
[SPEAKER_08]: SSJ100Matt does say, they have the opportunity to do the funniest thing and make a 3D printed doc for NotTheVirtualBoy.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ooh, you want to see a fight, Matt.
[SPEAKER_08]: You're living dangerously.
[SPEAKER_08]: That would be funny.
[SPEAKER_01]: They could call it The AR Girl.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on to a story that's very interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: So apparently there's this whole issue that happened over in Britain where Sega had involved the British police to recover dev kits and consoles that it negligently disposed of from another business owner who has legitimate claim to those items.
[SPEAKER_08]: Some more info is coming out as to what all is going on here.
[SPEAKER_08]: The Video Game Preservation Museum on social media was attempting to raise money to purchase some of the GBA, DS, DSi, and 3DS games that are as yet undumped.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_08]: Let me back up a little bit because I poorly explained what actually was happening at its core there with Sega and the British police and all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: So basically what happened is that a seller got this collection
[SPEAKER_08]: I've been running an online resale business for many years specializing in used electronics, whether fully working or sold for spares and repairs.
[SPEAKER_08]: My stock typically comes from office clearances, house clearances, recycling centers, and scrapyards.
[SPEAKER_08]: So nothing nefarious happened here.
[SPEAKER_08]: He went to a scrapyard and a worker there at the scrapyard had a van load of items that reportedly came from Sega's office because of a relocation that happened in the UK from Brentford to Chiswick, where they actually relocated.
[SPEAKER_08]: And there were other things, too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sofas, office furniture, refrigerators.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it's Chiswick.
[SPEAKER_08]: but there were electronics as well so of course you know you see that sort of thing he bought it and it was a legal process so that wasn't stolen it's Sega threw things in the trash they probably shouldn't have but then apparently Sega realized that they should not have thrown some of this out because I believe some of it were like dev kits like Wii U test things and stuff that didn't actually belong to them because technically dev kits don't belong to you they belong so that's
[SPEAKER_08]: How this whole thing started.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because Sega basically called the cops, even though this guy didn't really do anything wrong.
[SPEAKER_08]: So it's all a mess.
[SPEAKER_08]: And now this is why the Video Game Preservation Museum is getting in there going, this is bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because now this is a game preservation disaster.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because if we can't get access to those games, they're going to be lost.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: They've gone so far as to launch a Twitter poll.
[SPEAKER_08]: Even though those don't mean shit, it's performative and shows what they may be thinking.
[SPEAKER_08]: Which says, should we launch a GoFundMe to help the Sega seller cover legal costs so Sega can't destroy this history?
[SPEAKER_08]: And of course, 89% are saying yes, and the other 12% are bots.
Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: and, you know, moving on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Some new information.
[SPEAKER_08]: They said they brought up PACE, the Police and Criminal Evidence Act from 1984.
[SPEAKER_08]: Only a constable may apply for and execute a search warrant.
[SPEAKER_08]: The... And now I'm trying to look through the whole thing here.
[SPEAKER_08]: The power is statutory and cannot be delegated to private persons.
[SPEAKER_08]: The second image shows the under investigation from unsigned.
[SPEAKER_08]: Feel free to use these images.
[SPEAKER_08]: So like they are... And it looks like they launched the GoFundMe.
[SPEAKER_08]: So they are all in and trying to protect this guy of like basically, hey, what you threw away is ours now, legally.
[SPEAKER_08]: We did nothing wrong.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: So...
[SPEAKER_08]: Very, very interesting in this particular situation.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm with Rinmari, though.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want the Sega sofa.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, don't you want the sofa?
[SPEAKER_08]: Or some of the furniture?
[SPEAKER_01]: Look at some of these pictures.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're very interesting things.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, it's like when I go over to my pal Melody's house and her husband is a well-known DDR player from back in the day, Mel B, who once won a Parapara.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, actually, he didn't win this machine.
[SPEAKER_08]: But basically, the Parapara machine in their house is Arcade Infinity's machine.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so I will often get, oh, this used to be Arcade Infinity's Parapara machine here in the house.
[SPEAKER_08]: So it's kind of fun that it has that sort of history behind it, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, Arcade Infinity.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, for real.
[SPEAKER_08]: It will be interesting to see how this case develops.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's long from over, but it's interesting how involved and how much they're trying to take the case to the internet, which it's working because here we are signal boosting and we're one of probably a thousand podcasts covering this story this week that are bringing light to this and that Sega should essentially have to let go of what they've let go of.
[SPEAKER_01]: Someone donated a thousand pounds already.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I'm not surprised.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you suppose that those couches had blast cushioning?
[SPEAKER_02]: Or was that also made up?
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_08]: We need to change the tone here.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're going to go to our next segment here where we cover a classic game every week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's roll the bumper.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, but once a month, DarkSakura says, you know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: We're going to take a game that actually made its way to the arcade, and that's what we're going to cover in our classic Game to Arcade monthly segment.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I will warn the audience, it was impossible to find actual footage of this arcade machine, but this is an instantly recognizable game.
[SPEAKER_08]: With that, I'll turn it over to DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_01]: So for the record, I saw that someone made a futon cover that looks like a Sega Master System.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, the game is Flappy Bird.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it's Flappy Bird.
[SPEAKER_01]: The arcade version is nothing special.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's the same as the home version.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's not true.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can get tickets from the arcade version.
[SPEAKER_01]: You can get tickets from this one, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: So anyway, I'm not going to go into Flappy Bird.
[SPEAKER_01]: Everyone knows what the hell Flappy Bird is, but there were several arcade iterations.
[SPEAKER_01]: So anyway, we have the first one that came out in 2014, and it was like a pub version, sort of.
[SPEAKER_01]: It has a single button in the middle of the machine, and you just hit the button to flap.
[SPEAKER_01]: After that, there was one in 2015, which was Flappy Bird Prize Merchandiser.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it's like a stacker prize game, and you flip the bird through the pipes until a certain number was reached, and then you can get a prize.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then there was the actual Flappy Bird arcade itself in 2015 that's kind of like the Doodle Jump machine.
[SPEAKER_01]: It has Flappy Bird and one big button in the middle.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it's just like the pub version.
[SPEAKER_01]: You hit the button and you flap.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was a clone before 2014 that was called Flying Tickets that had multiplayer.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it essentially functioned the same way.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, Rob...
[SPEAKER_01]: I did find some video oh fabulous it's a minute it's from M&P Amusement Company which I would reckon is the distributor I will send this to you through Discord just a moment because I didn't notice that it was there or I would have done that before there you go
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm also just running a quick search because I'll probably find it on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh yeah, I see it, I see it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I found this through the site that I got the information on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then I also found one of the merchandiser.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I'll link you that too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, there you go.
[SPEAKER_01]: But really, it's Flappy Bird.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know what else to say about it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't even know that I've done Flappy Bird as a classic game.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was worth mentioning because, you know, people will make ticket spitters out of anything.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I've noticed this, that a lot of phone games have become arcade games per se, you know.
[SPEAKER_01]: But at any rate, I thought it was interesting enough.
[SPEAKER_01]: So there we go.
[SPEAKER_02]: And for the record, was there not... That arcade gameplay where they only made it four pipes?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that's about my experience with Flappy Bird.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: And also, was there not an unofficial reboot last year?
[SPEAKER_08]: I believe somebody else bought... The creator failed to reclaim the trademark.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, that's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Somebody else acquired the trademark, basically.
[SPEAKER_01]: Game Tech Holdings.
[SPEAKER_01]: So yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was released at the end of October 2014 and a mobile version in 2015.
[SPEAKER_01]: And Nian said he had no connection with this game, nor did he sell the rights.
[SPEAKER_08]: and I believe Rinmari I remember that being the case too and chat says they made it into NFT cringe I remember that headline along with the quote-unquote reboot on this game yeah yuck but at any rate yes Flappy Bird had an arcade release
[SPEAKER_08]: But I hope Don Nguyen is having a good day.
[SPEAKER_08]: I hope his coffee is warm and his pillows are cold.
[SPEAKER_08]: I hope he's doing well.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a bummer that the hysteria over what happened with this game honestly caused the guy to sort of tap out.
[SPEAKER_01]: Honestly, who'd blame him?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I don't blame him either.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's why I say I hope he's having a good day, whatever he's doing now, whatever industry he found.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_08]: We still have some headlines for you, including a few rapid ones here in some rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, we'll go to you.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, we have news on a movie that I keep forgetting is still in development, but the Bioshock movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was confirmed through a report by the direct from producer Lee that apparently the game is going to be definitely based on the first Bioshock game.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's good.
[SPEAKER_02]: That one's pretty iconic.
[SPEAKER_02]: Neat.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's still coming.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that producer, I guess he worked on the Minecraft movie, Weapons, and The Long Walk.
[SPEAKER_02]: All supposed to be pretty good movies.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's some big movies in there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Weapons was a pretty huge movie this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Weapons was a big movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: Long Walk is getting some huge critical buzz on that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Which, of course, God, I remember that Stephen King book from when I was a teenager.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, that book was... Yeah, well, it's got...
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, for sure.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So apparently there was a special game between the Seattle Mariners and the Los Angeles Angels that they did a Super Mario Day during that event and gave out 15,000 custom hats that featured Super Mario cross Mariners.
[SPEAKER_02]: Neat.
[SPEAKER_02]: I bet those are going to be worth some money on eBay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, Stern released a trailer for a new Star Wars pinball.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's Star Wars Fall of the Empire.
[SPEAKER_01]: I reckon based around Empire Strikes Back.
[SPEAKER_01]: There will be several different versions.
[SPEAKER_01]: I looked at it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It looks like it could be fun, but it's not one I think I would want to own.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just didn't seem robust enough for me.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you can also escape from Cloud City and you can...
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, lower the shields on the Death Star during multiball.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you have the Sarlacc Pit and all kinds of stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's even like a force mimicking move for ball save, which I'm just seeing is like a Magna save or something.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then you have a Darth Vader inspired mode or a couple of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you get to experience the dark side.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: It also has custom callouts from Chris Bartlett as C-3PO.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sounded pretty good.
[SPEAKER_01]: As far as the releases, there is also going to be a limited edition version.
[SPEAKER_01]: That will be limited to 770 games to honor the release of Star Wars in 1977.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it has the expression light system, speaker expression lighting system as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Full-color mirrored back glass, full-color high-def cabinet decals, and exclusive custom pinball armor.
[SPEAKER_01]: and designer autographed bottom arch, upgraded sound, anti-reflection playfield, shaker motor, a sequentially numbered plaque, a signed certificate of authenticity and a digital insider connected LE owner's badge on registration.
[SPEAKER_01]: Basically, Stern has this whole system where you can scan and have an online leaderboard sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: The cost for the version, the pro version is, I guess these could change, but right now is set for $6,999.
[SPEAKER_01]: Premium edition for $9,699 and limited for $12,999 US dollars.
[SPEAKER_01]: Will be available in US, Canada, Australia, Brazil, Mexico, and Chile.
[SPEAKER_01]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, now here's the story that Jason was referencing in the intro tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, as of this week, the original PlayStation has turning 30 in America.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, it was released originally on September the 9th of 1995.
[SPEAKER_08]: And yeah, I don't know what else there is to say about it, except hearing that fact probably makes a lot of you feel really old.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Happy birthday, PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_08]: And don't forget to take your medication, everybody.
[SPEAKER_08]: For your back pain.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Travel around the world and check out some release dates of games that are coming out soon.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's go to the U.S.
[SPEAKER_08]: and Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have quite a bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: So let's start off with LEGO Voyagers on PC, Nintendo Switch 2, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have Little Witch in the Woods coming out of Early Access on PC and Mac.
[SPEAKER_02]: Troublemakers 2 Beyond Dream on PC We have Football Heroes League coming out of Early Access on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
[SPEAKER_02]: Henry Halfhead on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 Slime Heroes on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 Deep Rock Galactic Survivor on PC and Xbox Series, that's also out of early access Lost Skies coming out of early access on PC
[SPEAKER_02]: Strange Antiquities on PC and Nintendo Switch Type Noise Shonen Shoujo on PC Class of Heroes 3 Remaster on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 Dying Light The Beast on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Formula Legends on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
[SPEAKER_02]: Frostpunk 2 on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Hike Northern Lights on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 Jelly Troops on PC, Mac, and Nintendo Switch We've got Illusion of Itehari on Nintendo Switch Moro's Protocol on PC
[SPEAKER_02]: Platypus Reclaid on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Puzzle Quest Immortal Edition we talked about this last week on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series QQQ Beats I can't believe it's not Konami but it's not it's on Nintendo Switch that's by Taito
[SPEAKER_02]: Then we've got, let's see, Marissa of Lairtop Mountain on PC and Nintendo Switch Tawa and the Guardians of the Sacred Tree on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series And finally, Trails in the Sky First Chapter on PC, Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Switch 2, and PlayStation 5 That's it
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, busy week.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a busy week in Japan as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not really for the Switch 2, but for the original Switch, we have a lot of games that are coming out for you to check out over in Japan.
[SPEAKER_08]: Starting off with the quintessential princess, Fantasy of the Abyss and the Magic Academy on the 18th.
[SPEAKER_08]: That is coming in a regular, limited, and special edition.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have Astraea, Six-Sided Oracles, Last Time I Saw You...
[SPEAKER_08]: Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth 2 Sister Generation and Limited Edition Front Mission 3 Remake is out in Japan this week Class of Heroes 1, 2, 3 Remaster again these are all on the Switch Tenshei no Uta, Shiroki Tsubasa Inori Monkaru Fanata The Hero and the Crystal Girl
[SPEAKER_08]: Wobbly Life, and those are all on the 18th.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then we also have releases on the 19th.
[SPEAKER_08]: Trails in the Sky First Chapter, Ninja Gaiden Rebound, also out in Japan this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Marissa of Liartop Mountain, also out.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have a few more.
[SPEAKER_08]: Trails in the Sky First Chapter, and Toa and the Guardians of the Sacred Tree, also out in Japan.
[SPEAKER_08]: That is everything on the Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_08]: On the PlayStation 5, we have quite a bit of crossover.
[SPEAKER_08]: Quintessential Princess, Last Time I Saw You, Astraea, Spirit of the North 2, Class of Heroes 1, 2, 3, all of those also releasing on the PlayStation 5, along with Wobbly Life.
[SPEAKER_08]: Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege X Elite Edition, also randomly in there in Japan this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I guess there's I think there's a price reduction because it's the Elite Edition or whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ninja Gaiden Rebound also also
[SPEAKER_08]: on the PlayStation 5 this week and Trails of the Sky First Chapter regular limited edition also on the PlayStation 5 this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: So a lot of crossover between Switch and the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_01]: So there's a lot.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have Karma, The Dark World, Xboxes on the 14th.
[SPEAKER_01]: On the 15th, we have LEGO Voyagers for PC, PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: Fatadeum on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I'm not human on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: Cholio on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: Henry Halfhead, PS5, Switch PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: On the 16th, Assassin's Creed Shadows, Claws of Awaji, DLC.
[SPEAKER_01]: That is PC, PS5, Xboxes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Town to City Early Access for PC, Voyagers of Nera on PC, Gate Early Access, PS4, PS5, Xboxes, Strange Antiquities PC and Switch on the 17th, Deep Rock Galactic Survivor PC, Strange Antiquities Switch and PC, Jelly Troop Switch and PC on the 18th, Burden of Truth PC, Zix on PC,
[SPEAKER_01]: Hello Kitty Island Adventure, Wheat Flower Wonderland, Emotionless The Last Ticket for PC, My Child of Ages for PC, Megabonk for PC, Moros Protocol on PC, Labyrinthine on PS5, Xboxes, Class of Heroes 3 Remastered PS5 Switch PC, Emotionless The Last Ticket on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: on the 18th again still, Frostpunk 2, PS5, Xboxes, Arctic Awakening, PS5, Xbox Serieses, PC, Pyke, Northern Lights, PS5, Switch PC, Formula Legends, PC, PlayStation, Xbox Switch, Wobbly Life for the same, for PS5 as well
[SPEAKER_01]: 19th Goblin Cleanup for PC, Eclipsium for the PC, Jump Space for PC, Wonder Stars PC and Switch, Marissa of Lyretop Mountain for PC, Warborn Above Ashes for PC, Trails in the Sky First Chapter Switch PS5 PC, Dying Light the Beast PC PS5 Xboxes, Toa and the Gardens of the Sacred Trees PS5 Xboxes Switch PC, and DreamWorks Gabi's Dollhouse Ready to Party PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: PlayStation, Xbox, Switch PC.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, busy week around the world.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, but as we get closer to November, that is not terribly surprising.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, with that, we have one more story for you, and then we'll get to the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, apparently Kojima Productions is celebrating their 10th anniversary.
[SPEAKER_02]: And as a part of that celebration, they're going to be offering a glimpse of their future projects, including OD and Physant.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's going to be a stream partnership with IGN that's scheduled for September 22nd at 11 p.m.
[SPEAKER_02]: Central Time.
[SPEAKER_02]: And no word at what we're going to see, but I guarantee we won't understand it.
[SPEAKER_02]: because that's just Kojima for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_02]: It'll be abstract.
[SPEAKER_02]: Be like, wow, that looks good.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have no idea what's going on.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is it going to be weirder than babies in someone's throat?
[SPEAKER_02]: It might.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkTetsuya
[SPEAKER_08]: BUBZI 4D
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm still on the fence on that game, but I have to give them points for the disability representation.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then it quote treats another account saying, originally written to have bad hearing, we reinterpreted her, Oblivia is the name of the character, originally written to have bad hearing.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I can see where that pun might be a little problematic in a 2025 lens, especially.
[SPEAKER_08]: We reinterpreted her with a cute hearing aid.
[SPEAKER_08]: She muses herself by constantly saying Bubsy's name wrong on purpose.
[SPEAKER_08]: I did not mean to play the music.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry that went through, folks, especially if that was a little loud.
[SPEAKER_08]: But that's what the character looks like on that little preview there from Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_08]: So for those of you that are watching live, you can see a little bit of the video there.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll take it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, S200Matt says, we all saw that Genie movie with Sinbad, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: The more and more this year goes on, the more and more.
[SPEAKER_08]: One other plug I want to give here before we get to any other questions and last minute stories, I want to give a shout out to our friends over at the GameBooey.org video game podcast here on the Voice of Geese Network.
[SPEAKER_08]: GameBooey.org
[SPEAKER_08]: GameBooey
[SPEAKER_08]: Jesus.
[SPEAKER_08]: But we kind of revisited the topic.
[SPEAKER_08]: And those two are always fun to talk to.
[SPEAKER_08]: They're very well researched and very articulate.
[SPEAKER_08]: I would encourage you to listen to their main show, as well as, of course, the B-side show I'm going to be on, which I believe they said will post Tuesday.
[SPEAKER_08]: So check that out this week over at GameBooey.org.
[SPEAKER_08]: Don't have anything.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you so much for listening to our show.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_08]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can't think of anything else to say.
[SPEAKER_08]: So let's go to final thoughts.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, I believe you said because of your voice you are not streaming tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's all right.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll go send the love somewhere.
[SPEAKER_08]: But do you have a final thought for us tonight?
[SPEAKER_00]: I need a nap.
[SPEAKER_08]: Isn't that always and forever?
[SPEAKER_01]: Also, fact check before you post.
[SPEAKER_08]: Lord, Lord help me.
[SPEAKER_08]: The internet this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Actually, I'll get to that in my final thought.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, your final thought.
[SPEAKER_02]: Go watch some of my videos on my channel because I've lost 12 subscribers in the last 28 days.
[SPEAKER_02]: And YouTube keeps doing things to try to suppress content from people, including... I don't know if you guys have heard about the recent changes or something that they did where now there's a big drop in PC platform viewership for some reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm guessing it's probably directly linked to...
[SPEAKER_02]: adblocking or something like that people watching content with adblockers on and so they're not counted as a viewer or something I don't know what it is but it's hard enough to like try to you know do anything so yeah alright
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, my final thought is before you post on social media, ask yourself, do I have to?
[SPEAKER_08]: Because you're going to find there's a lot of hot takes.
[SPEAKER_08]: You could just keep them hot.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you put them out on the counter, they get cold.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can keep them hot by keeping them inside.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sometimes it's just fun to type out your social media posts and then just delete it.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Type out your post and then delete it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a lot of fun and therapeutic.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: But one thing we're not deleting, your comments, your emails, and all that fun stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: So please continue to interact with us.
[SPEAKER_08]: We appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Have a great week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you so much for watching.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll see you next time here at Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Good night.
[SPEAKER_04]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_04]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_04]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_04]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_04]: See you next week.